User Story / Gameplay

1. Describe the gameplay
Pong is a game played on a  2-D screen. Two players each control a paddle, which are placed on either end of the screen. 
Players can move them vertically using the keyboard. A ball continuously moves around the screen and bounces off the paddles 
as well as the ceiling and the floor. A point is awarded when a player fails to return the ball.

2. What are the conditions when the game begins?
Te ball will start in the middle and randomly will go to one of the two sides, the person will hit the ball and start the game.

3. Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
The game ends when one player reaches 11 points. 

4. What ifs will there be?
If the ball hit the paddle it will go to the opposite side.
If one of the players achieve to score a goal he will get 1 point and the ball will return to the center of the map.
If one of the players get 11 points will win and the scores will reset to 0 to start again.

Visual Game Components:

1. What are the visual game components? Which will be static or animated?
     2 paddles on the extremes of the board (animated)
     1 ball (animated)
     midway line (static)
     map background (static)

2. What data will you need to manage each game component?

     paddles

      paddleLeft.positionY (just for Y-axis becuase X is hardcore (will not move))
      paddleRight.positionY (just for Y-axis becuase X is hardcore (will not move))
      paddleLeft.speedY --- it will be a constant velocity (just for Y-axis becuase X is hardcore (will not move))
      paddleRight.speedY  --- it will be a constant velocity (just for Y-axis becuase X is hardcore (will not move))
      
      balls

      ball.positionX   
      ball.positionY
      ball.speedX
      ball.speedY

      scores

      leftPoints
      rightPoints


Events / Logic

1. What events will occur in this game?
       1. the ball will start in the center of the map.
       2. Random generator will decide a number between 0 to 1. If it is randomNumber < 0.5 the ball will go to the left side. (it is to go left and right)
       Random generator will decide a number between 0 to 1. If it is randomNumber < 0.5 the ball will go to the left side. (it is to go up and down)
       
       If it is randomNumber > 0.5 the ball will go to the right side. 
       3. The players will control the paddles by the keyboard.
       4. When the paddle hit the ball, it will go to the opposite side. 
            1. The ball will interact with the paddles, on this depend the direction and speed of the ball.
       5. If the ball is not hit by the paddle and goes off the map, the ball will return to the center 
       repeting step 2 and taking off 1 point of the player that did not catch the ball (the programm will identify this
        reconizing the left player as the side 0-200 coordinate and the right side as 201-400 coordinate.)
       6. When one of the players achive get 11 points, he will win and a message will appear saying "The winner is ______!" and it will reset the game.
